count 15
[1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15]
FIG 1: Mass action ow diagram. The ux of individuals from Susceptible to Infected to Recovered for the standard MA model. Each compartment accumulates and loses probability at the rates given on the arrows. The dot denotes dierentiation in time. An ODE system allows for easy prediction of details such as e
FIG 2: Edge-based compartmental modeling for Conguration Model networks. The ow diagram for a static CM network. (Left) The S, I, and R compartments represent the probability that a neighbor is susceptible, infected, or recovered and has not transmitted infection. The 1   compartment is the probability it 
FIG 3: Conguration Model Example (section 2.2). Model predictions (dashed) match simulated epidemics (solid) of the same disease on four Conguration Model networks with K = 5 and 5 105 nodes, but dierent degree distributions. Each solid curve is a single simulation. Time is set so t = 0 when there is 1% cu
FIG 4: Mean Field Social Heterogeneity model . The ow diagram for the MFSH model (actual degree formulation). Because contacts are durationless, neighbors do not change status while joined to an individual, so there is no ux between the  variables (left). The new variables S, I, and R (bottom right) repres
FIG 5: Mean Field Social Heterogeneity Example (section 3.1.2). Model predictions (dashed) match a simulated epidemic (solid) in a population of 5 105 nodes. The solid curve is a single simulation. Time is set so t = 0 when there is 1% cumulative incidence.
FIG 6: Dynamic Fixed-Degree model. The ow diagram for the DFD model. Unlike the CM case, we cannot calculate S explicitly, so we must calculate the S to I ux. The model requires more equations, but remains relatively simple:  =I , (10) S =I S () () + S S , (11) I = I S () () + I ( +  + )I , (12) R = I ,  S
FIG 7: Dynamic Fixed-Degree Example (section 3.2.2). Model predictions (dashed) match the average of 102 simulated epidemics (solid) in a population of 10 4 nodes. For each simulation, time is chosen so that t = 0 corresponds to 3% cumulative incidence. Then they are averaged to give the solid curve. We ta
FIG 8: Dormant Contact model. A ow diagram accounting for the dormant stage. (Left) Movement of stubs between dierent stages, including dormant. Stubs are classied by whether they have received infection and the status (or existence) of the current neighbor. (Middle) The ow of individuals between dierent s
FIG 9: Dormant Contact example (section 3.3.2). The average of 155 simulated epidemics in a population of 5000 nodes (solid) with a Poisson maximum degree distribution of mean 3 compared with theory (dashed). Simulations are shifted in time so that t = 0 corresponds to 3% cumulative incidence and then aver
FIG 10: Mixed Poisson model. (Left) The ux of edges for a static Mixed Poisson network. (Right) The ux of individuals through the dierent stages Consider two nodes u and v whose expected degrees are u and v = u +  with   1. Our question is, how much does the additional   reduce the probability v is suscepti
FIG 11: Mixed Poisson Example (section 4.1.2). Model predictions (dashed) match a simulated epidemic (solid) in a Mixed Poisson network with 5 105 nodes. The solid curve is a single simulation. Time is chosen so that t = 0 corresponds to 1% cumulative incidence. where  K2  is the average of 2 (which equals 
FIG 12: Mean Field Social Heterogeneity model. The ow diagram for a Mean Field Social Heterogeneity population (expected degree formulation). This is similar to the actual degree formulation in gure 4. The new variables  S,  I, and R (bottom right) represent the probability that a newly formed edge connects
FIG 13: Expected Degree MFSH Example (section 4.2.2). Model predictions (dashed) match a simulated epidemic (solid) in a MFSH network with 15106 nodes. The solid curve is a single simulation. Time is chosen so that t = 0 corresponds to 0.5% cumulative incidence.
FIG 14: Dynamic Variable-Degree model. The ow diagrams for the DVD model. We dene  S,  I, and  R to be the probabilities a new edge connects to a susceptible, infected, or recovered node. We have S = ()/(1),  I = 1SR, and R = I. We build the ow diagram for S,  I,  R, and (1 ). There is ux into  S at rate S 
FIG 15: Dynamic Variable-Degree Example (section 4.3.2). Model predictions (dashed) match the average of 92 simulated epidemics (solid) in a population of 10 4 nodes. For each simulation time is chosen so that t = 0 corresponds to 3% cumulative incidence. Then they are averaged to give the solid curve.